Oppenheimer: 2023 | R | 3h | 8.6 rating
'Oppenheimer' is an epic biographical drama film about the story of American scientist J. Robert Oppenheimer and his role in the development of the atomic bomb. In World War II, Lt. Gen. Leslie Groves Jr. appoints physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer to lead the top-secret Manhattan Project. Oppenheimer and his team of scientists spend years into developing and designing the atomic bomb. Their efforts culminated on July 16, 1945, when they witness the first nuclear explosion ever, which forever altered the course of history. Christopher Nolan directed Oppenheimer, and stars Cillian Murphy, Emily Blunt, Robert Downey Jr. and Matt Damon.

Elemental: 2023 | PG | 1h 41m | 7.0 rating
'Elemental' is an animated adventure comedy that follows Ember and Wade in a city where fire, water, land, and air residents live together. In a city where fire, water, land, and air residents live together. Ember is a fiery young woman and Wafe is a go-with-the-flow guy; both discover something elemental: how much they actually have in common. The director of Elemental is Peter Sohn, and the film stars Leah Lewis, Mamoudou Athie and Ronnie Del Carmen.

Gladiator II: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 28m | 6.8 rating
Years after witnessing the death of the revered hero Maximus at the hands of his uncle, Lucius is forced to enter the Colosseum after his home is conquered by the tyrannical Emperors who now lead Rome with an iron fist. With rage in his heart and the future of the Empire at stake, Lucius must look to his past to find strength and honor to return the glory of Rome to its people. Ridley Scott directed Gladiator II, starring Paul Mescal, Denzel Washington, Pedro Pascal.

The Shawshank Redemption: 1994 | PG-13 | 2h 22m | 8.7 rating
Imprisoned in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. Frank Darabont directed The Shawshank Redemption, starring Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton.

Red One: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 4m | 7.0 rating
After Santa Claus (codename: Red One) is kidnapped, the North Pole's Head of Security must team up with the world's most infamous tracker in a globe-trotting, action-packed mission to save Christmas. Jake Kasdan directed Red One, starring Dwayne Johnson, Chris Evans, Lucy Liu.

The Godfather: 1972 | PG-13 | 2h 55m | 8.7 rating
Spanning the years 1945 to 1955, a chronicle of the fictional Italian-American Corleone crime family. When organized crime family patriarch, Vito Corleone barely survives an attempt on his life, his youngest son, Michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers, launching a campaign of bloody revenge. Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather, starring Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan.

Sonic the Hedgehog 3: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 50m | 7.8 rating
Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails reunite against a powerful new adversary, Shadow, a mysterious villain with powers unlike anything they have faced before. With their abilities outmatched in every way, Team Sonic must seek out an unlikely alliance in hopes of stopping Shadow and protecting the planet. Jeff Fowler directed Sonic the Hedgehog 3, starring Ben Schwartz, Jim Carrey, Keanu Reeves.

The Godfather Part II: 1974 | PG-13 | 3h 22m | 8.6 rating
In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime family, a young Vito Corleone grows up in Sicily and in 1910s New York. In the 1950s, Michael Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba. Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather Part II, starring Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton.

Your Fault: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 0m | 7.7 rating
The love between Noah and Nick seems unwavering despite their parents' attempts to separate them. But his job and her entry into college open up their lives to new relationships that will shake the foundations of both their relationship and the Leister family itself. Domingo González directed Your Fault, starring Nicole Wallace, Gabriel Guevara, Iván Sánchez.

Schindler's List: 1993 | PG-13 | 3h 15m | 8.6 rating
The true story of how businessman Oskar Schindler saved over a thousand Jewish lives from the Nazis while they worked as slaves in his factory during World War II. Steven Spielberg directed Schindler's List, starring Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes.

Venom: The Last Dance: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 49m | 6.8 rating
Eddie and Venom are on the run. Hunted by both of their worlds and with the net closing in, the duo are forced into a devastating decision that will bring the curtains down on Venom and Eddie's last dance. Kelly Marcel directed Venom: The Last Dance, starring Tom Hardy, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Juno Temple.

12 Angry Men: 1957 | PG-13 | 1h 37m | 8.5 rating
The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other. Sidney Lumet directed 12 Angry Men, starring Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, Lee J. Cobb.

Moana 2: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 40m | 7.0 rating
After receiving an unexpected call from her wayfinding ancestors, Moana journeys alongside Maui and a new crew to the far seas of Oceania and into dangerous, long-lost waters for an adventure unlike anything she's ever faced. David G. Derrick Jr. directed Moana 2, starring Auliʻi Cravalho, Dwayne Johnson, Hualālai Chung.

Spirited Away: 2001 | PG-13 | 2h 5m | 8.5 rating
A young girl, Chihiro, becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation, she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free her family. Hayao Miyazaki directed Spirited Away, starring Rumi Hiiragi, Miyu Irino, Mari Natsuki.

Mufasa: The Lion King: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 58m | 7.3 rating
Told in flashbacks, Mufasa is an orphaned cub, lost and alone until he meets a sympathetic lion named Taka—the heir to a royal bloodline. The chance meeting sets in motion a journey of misfits searching for their destiny and working together to evade a threatening and deadly foe. Barry Jenkins directed Mufasa: The Lion King, starring Aaron Pierre, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Tiffany Boone.

Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge: 1995 | PG-13 | 3h 10m | 8.5 rating
Raj is a rich, carefree, happy-go-lucky second generation NRI. Simran is the daughter of Chaudhary Baldev Singh, who in spite of being an NRI is very strict about adherence to Indian values. Simran has left for India to be married to her childhood fiancé. Raj leaves for India with a mission at his hands, to claim his lady love under the noses of her whole family. Thus begins a saga. Aditya Chopra directed Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, starring Kajol, Shah Rukh Khan, Amrish Puri.

My Fault: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 57m | 7.9 rating
Noah must leave her city, boyfriend, and friends to move into William Leister's mansion, the flashy and wealthy husband of her mother Rafaela. As a proud and independent 17 year old, Noah resists living in a mansion surrounded by luxury. However, it is there where she meets Nick, her new stepbrother, and the clash of their strong personalities becomes evident from the very beginning. Domingo González directed My Fault, starring Nicole Wallace, Gabriel Guevara, Marta Hazas.

The Dark Knight: 2008 | PG-13 | 2h 32m | 8.5 rating
Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker. Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight, starring Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart.

Carry-On: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 59m | 7.0 rating
An airport security officer races to outsmart a mysterious traveler forcing him to let a dangerous item slip onto a Christmas Eve flight. Jaume Collet-Serra directed Carry-On, starring Taron Egerton, Jason Bateman, Sofia Carson.

The Green Mile: 1999 | PG-13 | 3h 9m | 8.5 rating
A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison, where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard, Paul Edgecomb, recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift, he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution. Frank Darabont directed The Green Mile, starring Tom Hanks, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt.

Dirty Angels: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 44m | 6.7 rating
During the United States' 2021 withdrawal from Afghanistan, a group of female soldiers posing as medical relief are sent back in to rescue a group of kidnapped teenagers caught between ISIS and the Taliban. Martin Campbell directed Dirty Angels, starring Eva Green, Maria Bakalova, Jojo T. Gibbs.

Parasite: 2019 | PG-13 | 2h 13m | 8.5 rating
All unemployed, Ki-taek's family takes peculiar interest in the wealthy and glamorous Parks for their livelihood until they get entangled in an unexpected incident. Bong Joon-ho directed Parasite, starring Song Kang-ho, Lee Sun-kyun, Cho Yeo-jeong.

Absolution: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 52m | 6.1 rating
An aging ex-boxer gangster working as muscle for a Boston crime boss receives an upsetting diagnosis.  Despite a faltering memory, he attempts to rectify the sins of his past and reconnect with his estranged children. He is determined to leave a positive legacy for his grandson, but the criminal underworld isn’t done with him and won’t loosen their grip willingly. Hans Petter Moland directed Absolution, starring Liam Neeson, Ron Perlman, Yolonda Ross.

Pulp Fiction: 1994 | PG-13 | 2h 34m | 8.5 rating
A burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner, a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling, comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time. Quentin Tarantino directed Pulp Fiction, starring John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Uma Thurman.

Elevation: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 31m | 6.3 rating
A single father and two women venture from the safety of their homes to face monstrous creatures to save the life of a young boy. George Nolfi directed Elevation, starring Anthony Mackie, Morena Baccarin, Maddie Hasson.

Your Name.: 2016 | PG-13 | 1h 46m | 8.5 rating
High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night, they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki’s body, and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly, and the two must adjust their lives around each other. Makoto Shinkai directed Your Name., starring Ryunosuke Kamiki, Mone Kamishiraishi, Ryo Narita.

The Price of Money: A Largo Winch Adventure: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 40m | 5.8 rating
Largo Winch, devastated by the kidnapping of his son, realizes that if he finds those responsible for his bankruptcy, maybe he'll see his son again. Olivier Masset-Depasse directed The Price of Money: A Largo Winch Adventure, starring Tomer Sisley, James Franco, Clotilde Hesme.

The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King: 2003 | PG-13 | 3h 21m | 8.5 rating
As armies mass for a final battle that will decide the fate of the world--and powerful, ancient forces of Light and Dark compete to determine the outcome--one member of the Fellowship of the Ring is revealed as the noble heir to the throne of the Kings of Men. Yet, the sole hope for triumph over evil lies with a brave hobbit, Frodo, who, accompanied by his loyal friend Sam and the hideous, wretched Gollum, ventures deep into the very dark heart of Mordor on his seemingly impossible quest to destroy the Ring of Power.​ Peter Jackson directed The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, starring Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen.

The Wild Robot: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 42m | 8.4 rating
After a shipwreck, an intelligent robot called Roz is stranded on an uninhabited island. To survive the harsh environment, Roz bonds with the island's animals and cares for an orphaned baby goose. Chris Sanders directed The Wild Robot, starring Lupita Nyong'o, Pedro Pascal, Kit Connor.

Flow: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 25m | 8.5 rating
A solitary cat, displaced by a great flood, finds refuge on a boat with various species and must navigate the challenges of adapting to a transformed world together. Gints Zilbalodis directed Flow

The Substance: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 21m | 7.2 rating
A fading celebrity decides to use a black market drug, a cell-replicating substance that temporarily creates a younger, better version of herself. Coralie Fargeat directed The Substance, starring Demi Moore, Margaret Qualley, Dennis Quaid.

Forrest Gump: 1994 | PG-13 | 2h 22m | 8.5 rating
A man with a low IQ has accomplished great things in his life and been present during significant historic events—in each case, far exceeding what anyone imagined he could do. But despite all he has achieved, his one true love eludes him. Robert Zemeckis directed Forrest Gump, starring Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise.

Kraven the Hunter: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 7m | 5.9 rating
Kraven Kravinoff's complex relationship with his ruthless gangster father, Nikolai, starts him down a path of vengeance with brutal consequences, motivating him to become not only the greatest hunter in the world, but also one of its most feared. J.C. Chandor directed Kraven the Hunter, starring Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Ariana DeBose, Fred Hechinger.

The Good, the Bad and the Ugly: 1966 | PG-13 | 2h 41m | 8.5 rating
While the Civil War rages on between the Union and the Confederacy, three men – a quiet loner, a ruthless hitman, and a Mexican bandit – comb the American Southwest in search of a strongbox containing $200,000 in stolen gold. Sergio Leone directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, starring Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach, Lee Van Cleef.

Deadpool & Wolverine: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 8m | 7.7 rating
A listless Wade Wilson toils away in civilian life with his days as the morally flexible mercenary, Deadpool, behind him. But when his homeworld faces an existential threat, Wade must reluctantly suit-up again with an even more reluctant Wolverine. Shawn Levy directed Deadpool & Wolverine, starring Ryan Reynolds, Hugh Jackman, Emma Corrin.

Seven Samurai: 1954 | PG-13 | 3h 27m | 8.5 rating
A samurai answers a village's request for protection after he falls on hard times. The town needs protection from bandits, so the samurai gathers six others to help him teach the people how to defend themselves, and the villagers provide the soldiers with food. Akira Kurosawa directed Seven Samurai, starring Toshirō Mifune, Takashi Shimura, Yoshio Inaba.

Terrifier 3: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 5m | 6.9 rating
Five years after surviving Art the Clown's Halloween massacre, Sienna and Jonathan are still struggling to rebuild their shattered lives. As the holiday season approaches, they try to embrace the Christmas spirit and leave the horrors of the past behind. But just when they think they're safe, Art returns, determined to turn their holiday cheer into a new nightmare. The festive season quickly unravels as Art unleashes his twisted brand of terror, proving that no holiday is safe. Damien Leone directed Terrifier 3, starring Lauren LaVera, David Howard Thornton, Samantha Scaffidi.

Grave of the Fireflies: 1988 | PG-13 | 1h 29m | 8.5 rating
In the final months of World War II, 14-year-old Seita and his sister Setsuko are orphaned when their mother is killed during an air raid in Kobe, Japan. After a falling out with their aunt, they move into an abandoned bomb shelter. With no surviving relatives and their emergency rations depleted, Seita and Setsuko struggle to survive. Isao Takahata directed Grave of the Fireflies, starring Tsutomu Tatsumi, Ayano Shiraishi, Yoshiko Shinohara.

Anora: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 19m | 7.0 rating
A young sex worker from Brooklyn gets her chance at a Cinderella story when she meets and impulsively marries the son of an oligarch. Once the news reaches Russia, her fairytale is threatened as his parents set out to get the marriage annulled. Sean Baker directed Anora, starring Mikey Madison, Mark Eydelshteyn, Yura Borisov.

GoodFellas: 1990 | PG-13 | 2h 25m | 8.5 rating
The true story of Henry Hill, a half-Irish, half-Sicilian Brooklyn kid who is adopted by neighbourhood gangsters at an early age and climbs the ranks of a Mafia family under the guidance of Jimmy Conway. Martin Scorsese directed GoodFellas, starring Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci.

Armor: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 29m | 5.6 rating
Armored truck security guard James Brody is working with his son Casey transporting millions of dollars between banks when a team of thieves led by Rook orchestrate a takeover of their truck to seize the riches. Following a violent car chase, Rook soon has the armored truck surrounded and James and Casey find themselves cornered onto a decrepit bridge. Justin Routt directed Armor, starring Sylvester Stallone, Jason Patric, Josh Wiggins.

Cinema Paradiso: 1988 | PG-13 | 2h 4m | 8.4 rating
A filmmaker recalls his childhood, when he fell in love with the movies at his village's theater and formed a deep friendship with the theater's projectionist. Giuseppe Tornatore directed Cinema Paradiso, starring Philippe Noiret, Jacques Perrin, Marco Leonardi.

Ferry 2: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 34m | 5.6 rating
After losing his drug empire, Ferry Bouman has found a measure of peace away from Brabant's criminal underworld — until his past catches up to him. Wannes Destoop directed Ferry 2, starring Frank Lammers, Aiko Beemsterboer, Tobias Kersloot.

Life Is Beautiful: 1997 | PG-13 | 1h 56m | 8.4 rating
A touching story of an Italian book seller of Jewish ancestry who lives in his own little fairy tale. His creative and happy life would come to an abrupt halt when his entire family is deported to a concentration camp during World War II. While locked up he tries to convince his son that the whole thing is just a game. Roberto Benigni directed Life Is Beautiful, starring Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini.

Sidelined: The QB and Me: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 39m | 6.3 rating
Dallas, a burdened but headstrong dancer, is determined to get into the best dance school in the country—her late mother’s alma mater. However, that dream is suddenly derailed when the cheeky yet secretly grieving football star, Drayton, crashes into her life with a unique story of his own. Will the two of them be able to grow into their dreams together, or will their dreams be sidelined? Justin Wu directed Sidelined: The QB and Me, starring Siena Agudong, Noah Beck, Drew Ray Tanner.

Interstellar: 2014 | PG-13 | 2h 49m | 8.4 rating
The adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage. Christopher Nolan directed Interstellar, starring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Michael Caine.

Heretic: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 51m | 7.1 rating
Two young missionaries are forced to prove their faith when they knock on the wrong door and are greeted by a diabolical Mr. Reed, becoming ensnared in his deadly game of cat-and-mouse. Scott Beck directed Heretic, starring Hugh Grant, Sophie Thatcher, Chloe East.

Fight Club: 1999 | PG-13 | 2h 19m | 8.4 rating
A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground "fight clubs" forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion. David Fincher directed Fight Club, starring Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, Helena Bonham Carter.

Miraculous World, London: At the Edge of Time: 2024 | PG-13 | 0h 50m | 8.0 rating
To save the future from a terrible fate, Marinette becomes Chronobug and teams up with Bunnyx to defeat a mysterious opponent who travels through time. Who is this new supervillain, and why are they obsessed with exposing Marinette's secret superhero identity? Marinette's only hope is to defeat her new opponent to prevent the end of Ladybug and time itself! Thomas Astruc directed Miraculous World, London: At the Edge of Time, starring Annouck Hautbois, Benjamin Bollen, Marie Nonnenmacher.

Impossible Things: 2021 | PG-13 | 1h 28m | 8.4 rating
After the death of her abusive husband, Matilde finds her new best friend in Miguel, her young, insecure, and disoriented neighbor. Ernesto Contreras directed Impossible Things, starring Nora Velázquez, Benny Emmanuel, Luisa Huertas.

Pídeme lo que quieras: 2024 | PG-13 | N/A | 5.9 rating
After his father's death, Eric Zimmerman travels to Spain to oversee his company's branches. In Madrid, he falls for Judith and engage in an intense, erotic relationship full of exploration. However, Eric fears his secret may end their affair. Lucía Alemany directed Pídeme lo que quieras, starring Gabriela Andrada, Mario Ermito, Celia Freijeiro.

Psycho: 1960 | PG-13 | 1h 49m | 8.4 rating
When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life, she ends up at the notorious Bates Motel, where manager Norman Bates cares for his housebound mother. Alfred Hitchcock directed Psycho, starring Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles.

Wicked: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 40m | 7.4 rating
In the land of Oz, ostracized and misunderstood green-skinned Elphaba is forced to share a room with the popular aristocrat Glinda at Shiz University, and the two's unlikely friendship is tested as they begin to fulfill their respective destinies as Glinda the Good and the Wicked Witch of the West. Jon M. Chu directed Wicked, starring Cynthia Erivo, Ariana Grande, Jonathan Bailey.

City of God: 2002 | PG-13 | 2h 9m | 8.4 rating
In the poverty-stricken favelas of Rio de Janeiro in the 1970s, two young men choose different paths. Rocket is a budding photographer who documents the increasing drug-related violence of his neighborhood, while José “Zé” Pequeno is an ambitious drug dealer diving into a dangerous life of crime. Fernando Meirelles directed City of God, starring Alexandre Rodrigues, Leandro Firmino, Phellipe Haagensen.

Despicable Me 4: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 34m | 7.1 rating
Gru and Lucy and their girls—Margo, Edith and Agnes—welcome a new member to the Gru family, Gru Jr., who is intent on tormenting his dad. Gru also faces a new nemesis in Maxime Le Mal and his femme fatale girlfriend Valentina, forcing the family to go on the run. Chris Renaud directed Despicable Me 4, starring Steve Carell, Kristen Wiig, Will Ferrell.

A Dog's Will: 2000 | PG-13 | 1h 44m | 8.4 rating
The lively João Grilo and the sly Chicó are poor guys living in the hinterland who cheat a bunch of people in a small town in Northeastern Brazil. When they die, they have to be judged by Christ, the Devil and the Virgin Mary before they are admitted to paradise. Guel Arraes directed A Dog's Will, starring Matheus Nachtergaele, Selton Mello, Rogério Cardoso.

Alien: Romulus: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 59m | 7.2 rating
While scavenging the deep ends of a derelict space station, a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the most terrifying life form in the universe. Fede Álvarez directed Alien: Romulus, starring Cailee Spaeny, David Jonsson, Archie Renaux.

Once Upon a Time in America: 1984 | PG-13 | 3h 49m | 8.4 rating
A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan over thirty years later, where he once again must confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life. Sergio Leone directed Once Upon a Time in America, starring Robert De Niro, James Woods, Elizabeth McGovern.

Inside Out 2: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 37m | 7.6 rating
Teenager Riley's mind headquarters is undergoing a sudden demolition to make room for something entirely unexpected: new Emotions! Joy, Sadness, Anger, Fear and Disgust, who’ve long been running a successful operation by all accounts, aren’t sure how to feel when Anxiety shows up. And it looks like she’s not alone. Kelsey Mann directed Inside Out 2, starring Amy Poehler, Maya Hawke, Kensington Tallman.

The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring: 2001 | PG-13 | 2h 59m | 8.4 rating
Young hobbit Frodo Baggins, after inheriting a mysterious ring from his uncle Bilbo, must leave his home in order to keep it from falling into the hands of its evil creator. Along the way, a fellowship is formed to protect the ringbearer and make sure that the ring arrives at its final destination: Mt. Doom, the only place where it can be destroyed. Peter Jackson directed The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, starring Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen.

Nosferatu: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 12m | 6.6 rating
A gothic tale of obsession between a haunted young woman and the terrifying vampire infatuated with her, causing untold horror in its wake. Robert Eggers directed Nosferatu, starring Bill Skarsgård, Nicholas Hoult, Lily-Rose Depp.

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest: 1975 | PG-13 | 2h 13m | 8.4 rating
A petty criminal fakes insanity to serve his sentence in a mental ward rather than prison. He soon finds himself as a leader to the other patients—and an enemy to the cruel, domineering nurse who runs the ward. Miloš Forman directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, starring Jack Nicholson, Brad Dourif, Louise Fletcher.

Apocalypse Z: The Beginning of the End: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 59m | 6.8 rating
When a kind of rabies that transforms people into aggressive creatures spreads across the planet, Manel isolates himself at home with his cat, relying on his wits to survive; but soon they must go out in search of food, by land and by sea, dodging many dangers. Carles Torrens directed Apocalypse Z: The Beginning of the End, starring Francisco Ortiz, José María Yázpik, Berta Vázquez.

Gabriel's Inferno: 2020 | PG-13 | 2h 2m | 8.4 rating
An intriguing and sinful exploration of seduction, forbidden love, and redemption, Gabriel's Inferno is a captivating and wildly passionate tale of one man's escape from his own personal hell as he tries to earn the impossible--forgiveness and love. Tosca Musk directed Gabriel's Inferno, starring Melanie Zanetti, Giulio Berruti, Kurt McKinney.

Watchmen: Chapter II: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 29m | 7.5 rating
Suspicious of the events ensnaring their former colleagues, Nite Owl and Silk Spectre are spurred out of retirement to investigate. As they grapple with personal ethics, inner demons and a society turned against them, they race the clock to uncover a deepening plot that might trigger global nuclear war. Brandon Vietti directed Watchmen: Chapter II, starring Troy Baker, Adrienne Barbeau, Michael Cerveris.

Harakiri: 1962 | PG-13 | 2h 15m | 8.4 rating
Down-on-his-luck veteran Tsugumo Hanshirō enters the courtyard of the prosperous House of Iyi. Unemployed, and with no family, he hopes to find a place to commit seppuku—and a worthy second to deliver the coup de grâce in his suicide ritual. The senior counselor for the Iyi clan questions the ronin’s resolve and integrity, suspecting Hanshirō of seeking charity rather than an honorable end. What follows is a pair of interlocking stories which lay bare the difference between honor and respect, and promises to examine the legendary foundations of the Samurai code. Masaki Kobayashi directed Harakiri, starring Tatsuya Nakadai, Akira Ishihama, Shima Iwashita.

Smile 2: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 7m | 6.6 rating
About to embark on a new world tour, global pop sensation Skye Riley begins experiencing increasingly terrifying and inexplicable events. Overwhelmed by the escalating horrors and the pressures of fame, Skye is forced to face her dark past to regain control of her life before it spirals out of control. Parker Finn directed Smile 2, starring Naomi Scott, Rosemarie DeWitt, Lukas Gage.

Howl's Moving Castle: 2004 | PG-13 | 1h 59m | 8.4 rating
Sophie, a young milliner, is turned into an elderly woman by a witch who enters her shop and curses her. She encounters a wizard named Howl and gets caught up in his resistance to fighting for the king. Hayao Miyazaki directed Howl's Moving Castle, starring Chieko Baisho, Takuya Kimura, Akihiro Miwa.

Sonic the Hedgehog 2: 2022 | PG-13 | 2h 3m | 7.5 rating
After settling in Green Hills, Sonic is eager to prove he has what it takes to be a true hero. His test comes when Dr. Robotnik returns, this time with a new partner, Knuckles, in search for an emerald that has the power to destroy civilizations. Sonic teams up with his own sidekick, Tails, and together they embark on a globe-trotting journey to find the emerald before it falls into the wrong hands. Jeff Fowler directed Sonic the Hedgehog 2, starring Ben Schwartz, James Marsden, Tika Sumpter.

The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers: 2002 | PG-13 | 2h 59m | 8.4 rating
Frodo Baggins and the other members of the Fellowship continue on their sacred quest to destroy the One Ring--but on separate paths. Their destinies lie at two towers--Orthanc Tower in Isengard, where the corrupt wizard Saruman awaits, and Sauron's fortress at Barad-dur, deep within the dark lands of Mordor. Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along, nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard. Peter Jackson directed The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, starring Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen.

Weekend in Taipei: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 41m | 6.1 rating
A former DEA agent and a former undercover operative revisit their romance during a fateful weekend in Taipei, unaware of the dangerous consequences of their past. George Huang directed Weekend in Taipei, starring Luke Evans, Gwei Lun-Mei, Sung Kang.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse: 2018 | PG-13 | 1h 57m | 8.4 rating
Struggling to find his place in the world while juggling school and family, Brooklyn teenager Miles Morales is unexpectedly bitten by a radioactive spider and develops unfathomable powers just like the one and only Spider-Man. While wrestling with the implications of his new abilities, Miles discovers a super collider created by the madman Wilson "Kingpin" Fisk, causing others from across the Spider-Verse to be inadvertently transported to his dimension. Bob Persichetti directed Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, starring Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld.

That Christmas: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 36m | 7.2 rating
It's an unforgettable Christmas for the townsfolk of Wellington-on-Sea when the worst snowstorm in history alters everyone's plans — including Santa's. Simon Otto directed That Christmas, starring Brian Cox, Bill Nighy, Fiona Shaw.

Primal: Tales of Savagery: 2019 | PG-13 | 1h 25m | 8.4 rating
Genndy Tartakovsky's Primal: Tales of Savagery features a caveman and a dinosaur on the brink of extinction. Bonded by tragedy, this unlikely friendship becomes the only hope of survival. Genndy Tartakovsky directed Primal: Tales of Savagery, starring Aaron LaPlante, Jon Olson, Bryan Andrews.

Tuhog: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 32m | 5.4 rating
Abie mourns after the death of Michael. She finds solace from her supposedly soon-to-be father-in-law, Roldan, and starts falling for him. But when Michael returns, their world turns upside down. G.B. Sampedro directed Tuhog, starring Arron Villaflor, Apple Dy, Joko Diaz.

The Empire Strikes Back: 1980 | PG-13 | 2h 4m | 8.4 rating
The epic saga continues as Luke Skywalker, in hopes of defeating the evil Galactic Empire, learns the ways of the Jedi from aging master Yoda. But Darth Vader is more determined than ever to capture Luke. Meanwhile, rebel leader Princess Leia, cocky Han Solo, Chewbacca, and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 are thrown into various stages of capture, betrayal and despair. Irvin Kershner directed The Empire Strikes Back, starring Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher.

Transformers One: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 44m | 8.1 rating
The untold origin story of Optimus Prime and Megatron, better known as sworn enemies, but once were friends bonded like brothers who changed the fate of Cybertron forever. Josh Cooley directed Transformers One, starring Chris Hemsworth, Brian Tyree Henry, Scarlett Johansson.

Gabriel's Inferno: Part II: 2020 | PG-13 | 1h 45m | 8.4 rating
Professor Gabriel Emerson finally learns the truth about Julia Mitchell's identity, but his realization comes a moment too late. Julia is done waiting for the well-respected Dante specialist to remember her and wants nothing more to do with him. Can Gabriel win back her heart before she finds love in another's arms? Tosca Musk directed Gabriel's Inferno: Part II, starring Melanie Zanetti, Giulio Berruti, James Andrew Fraser.

Arcadian: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 32m | 6.1 rating
In the near future, on a decimated Earth, Paul and his twin sons face terror at night when ferocious creatures awaken. When Paul is nearly killed, the boys come up with a plan for survival, using everything their father taught them to keep him alive. Benjamin Brewer directed Arcadian, starring Nicolas Cage, Jaeden Martell, Maxwell Jenkins.

A Silent Voice: The Movie: 2016 | PG-13 | 2h 9m | 8.4 rating
Shouya Ishida starts bullying the new girl in class, Shouko Nishimiya, because she is deaf. But as the teasing continues, the rest of the class starts to turn on Shouya for his lack of compassion. When they leave elementary school, Shouko and Shouya do not speak to each other again... until an older, wiser Shouya, tormented by his past behaviour, decides he must see Shouko once more. He wants to atone for his sins, but is it already too late...? Naoko Yamada directed A Silent Voice: The Movie, starring Miyu Irino, Saori Hayami, Aoi Yuki.

The Six Triple Eight: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 7.7 rating
During World War II, the US Army's only all-Black, all-women battalion takes on an impossible mission: sorting through a three-year backlog of 17 million pieces of mail that hadn't been delivered to American soldiers and finish within six months. Tyler Perry directed The Six Triple Eight, starring Kerry Washington, Sam Waterston, Susan Sarandon.

Hope: 2013 | PG-13 | 2h 2m | 8.4 rating
After 8-year-old So-won narrowly survives a brutal sexual assault, her family labors to help her heal while coping with their own rage and grief. Lee Joon-ik directed Hope, starring Sul Kyung-gu, Uhm Ji-won, Lee Re.

SDI: Secret Department of Intervention: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 0m | 4.6 rating
Secret agents Mike, Stan, and Chloé, tasked with retrieving a stolen briefcase, discover it holds a secret map to hidden World War II treasures. Betrayed by their own French Minister of Defense and hunted by a former Marine, Vogel, the team faces internal conflicts and danger. As alliances shift, secrets unravel, and battles ensue, they must thwart Vogel's plan to claim the treasures, setting the stage for an international treasure hunt filled with unexpected twists and unresolved romantic entanglements. Unknown directed SDI: Secret Department of Intervention, starring Thomas Khawam, Aurore Planas, Pierre André.

Dou kyu sei – Classmates: 2016 | PG-13 | 1h 1m | 8.4 rating
Rihito Sajo, an honor student with a perfect score on the entrance exam and Hikaru Kusakabe, in a band and popular among girls, would have never crossed paths. Until one day they started talking at the practice for their school’s upcoming chorus festival. After school, the two meet regularly, as Hikaru helps Rihito to improve his singing skills. While they listen to each other’s voice and harmonize, their hearts start to beat together. Shoko Nakamura directed Dou kyu sei – Classmates, starring Kenji Nojima, Hiroshi Kamiya, Hideo Ishikawa.

How the Grinch Stole Christmas: 2000 | PG-13 | 1h 44m | 6.8 rating
The Grinch decides to rob Whoville of Christmas - but a dash of kindness from little Cindy Lou Who and her family may be enough to melt his heart... Ron Howard directed How the Grinch Stole Christmas, starring Jim Carrey, Taylor Momsen, Jeffrey Tambor.

Gabriel's Inferno: Part III: 2020 | PG-13 | 1h 45m | 8.4 rating
The final part of the film adaption of the erotic romance novel Gabriel's Inferno written by an anonymous Canadian author under the pen name Sylvain Reynard. Tosca Musk directed Gabriel's Inferno: Part III, starring Melanie Zanetti, Giulio Berruti, Rhett Wellington Ramirez.

Survive: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 30m | 5.7 rating
A couple celebrates their son’s birthday in the middle of the ocean on their boat. A violent storm hits and it brings up hungry creatures from the depths and they fight for their survival. Frédéric Jardin directed Survive, starring Andreas Pietschmann, Émilie Dequenne, Lucas Ebel.

Whiplash: 2014 | PG-13 | 1h 47m | 8.4 rating
Under the direction of a ruthless instructor, a talented young drummer begins to pursue perfection at any cost, even his humanity. Damien Chazelle directed Whiplash, starring Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Paul Reiser.

Home Alone 2: Lost in New York: 1992 | PG-13 | 2h 0m | 6.8 rating
Instead of flying to Florida with his folks, Kevin ends up alone in New York, where he gets a hotel room with his dad's credit card—despite problems from a clerk and meddling bellboy. But when Kevin runs into his old nemeses, the Wet Bandits, he's determined to foil their plans to rob a toy store on Christmas Eve. Chris Columbus directed Home Alone 2: Lost in New York, starring Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern.

The Pianist: 2002 | PG-13 | 2h 30m | 8.4 rating
The true story of pianist Władysław Szpilman's experiences in Warsaw during the Nazi occupation. When the Jews of the city find themselves forced into a ghetto, Szpilman finds work playing in a café; and when his family is deported in 1942, he stays behind, works for a while as a laborer, and eventually goes into hiding in the ruins of the war-torn city. Roman Polanski directed The Pianist, starring Adrien Brody, Thomas Kretschmann, Frank Finlay.

Azrael: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 26m | 6.0 rating
In a world where no one speaks, a devout female hunts down a young woman who has escaped her imprisonment. Recaptured by its ruthless leaders, Azrael is due to be sacrificed to pacify an ancient evil deep within the surrounding wilderness. E.L. Katz directed Azrael, starring Samara Weaving, Vic Carmen Sonne, Katariina Unt.

The Legend of Hei: 2019 | PG-13 | 1h 42m | 8.4 rating
When cat spirit Luo Xiaohei's home is deforested by humans, he must find a new one. He runs into a group of other spirit creatures who take him under their wing with dreams of reconquering the land they say is rightfully theirs. However, they run into a human known as Wuxian who separates Luo Xiaohei from the other spirits and the two go on a journey, with the cat spirit learning to control his abilities as well as forming his own thoughts on whether or not he should ally with the spirits or the humans. MTJJ directed The Legend of Hei, starring Shan Xin, Liu Mingyue, Hao Xianghai.

Love in 39 Degrees: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 55m | 7.7 rating
Fatih and Kumru, a lawyer from different cities, team up for a case involving a cheating spouse. They spend 8 hours racing around Izmir gathering evidence, unexpectedly altering their plans and lives. Tunç Sahin directed Love in 39 Degrees, starring Ayça Ayşin Turan, Furkan Andıç, Cem Davran.

Se7en: 1995 | PG-13 | 2h 7m | 8.4 rating
Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt for a serial killer whose crimes are based on the "seven deadly sins" in this dark and haunting film that takes viewers from the tortured remains of one victim to the next. The seasoned Det. Sommerset researches each sin in an effort to get inside the killer's mind, while his novice partner, Mills, scoffs at his efforts to unravel the case. David Fincher directed Se7en, starring Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow.

Sikandar Ka Muqaddar: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 23m | 5.7 rating
After an unsolved diamond heist, a hard-nosed cop’s pursuit of his key suspect turns into obsession, until they finally face each other — and the truth. Neeraj Pandey directed Sikandar Ka Muqaddar, starring Jimmy Shergill, Avinash Tiwary, Tamannaah Bhatia.

Inception: 2010 | PG-13 | 2h 28m | 8.4 rating
Cobb, a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: "inception", the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious. Christopher Nolan directed Inception, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ken Watanabe.

Gladiator: 2000 | PG-13 | 2h 35m | 8.2 rating
After the death of Emperor Marcus Aurelius, his devious son takes power and demotes Maximus, one of Rome's most capable generals who Marcus preferred. Eventually, Maximus is forced to become a gladiator and battle to the death against other men for the amusement of paying audiences. Ridley Scott directed Gladiator, starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen.

Radical: 2023 | PG-13 | 2h 6m | 8.4 rating
In a Mexican border town plagued by neglect, corruption, and violence, a frustrated teacher tries an unorthodox new method to break through his students’ apathy and unlock their curiosity, their potential... and perhaps even their genius. Christopher Zalla directed Radical, starring Eugenio Derbez, Daniel Haddad, Jennifer Trejo.

GTMAX: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 40m | 6.1 rating
When a notorious gang of bikers recruits her brother for a heist, a former motocross champion must face her deepest fears to keep her family safe. Olivier Schneider directed GTMAX, starring Ava Baya, Jalil Lespert, Jérémie Laheurte.

Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse: 2023 | PG-13 | 2h 20m | 8.4 rating
After reuniting with Gwen Stacy, Brooklyn’s full-time, friendly neighborhood Spider-Man is catapulted across the Multiverse, where he encounters the Spider Society, a team of Spider-People charged with protecting the Multiverse’s very existence. But when the heroes clash on how to handle a new threat, Miles finds himself pitted against the other Spiders and must set out on his own to save those he loves most. Kemp Powers directed Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse, starring Shameik Moore, Hailee Steinfeld, Brian Tyree Henry.

Levels: 2024 | PG-13 | 1h 32m | 5.7 rating
After witnessing his girlfriend's murder, a man risks everything - including reality itself - to discover the truth. Adam Stern directed Levels, starring Cara Gee, Peter Mooney, Aaron Abrams.

Rear Window: 1954 | PG-13 | 1h 52m | 8.4 rating
A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder. Alfred Hitchcock directed Rear Window, starring James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey.
